Personal loan : CIBIL Score 650, Minimum monthly income 10,000, Salaried applicants - At least 1 year with current employer and total 2 years of total employment, Self-employed applicants - 3 years of business vintage.
Car loan : Minimum Bureau Score of 740 and -1 to 5 without credit history for applicant/ Co-applicant, Minimum 2 years of total employment with minimum 1 year in current employment, Minimum 3 years business experience.
Home loan : Simple assessment based on FOIR. Maximum FOIR 70%.
Gold loan : The borrower must be a citizen of the country where the loan is being availed, The minimum age requirement is usually 18 years or above, The borrower should own gold ornaments that can be pledged as collateral.
Educational loan : SIB VITJNAN PRADHAN SCHEME (VPS) for Domestic and Foreign studies, SIB EXCELLENCE for the creamy layer of talented youth to pursue professionals studies in Top prestigious institutions in India and Abroad, SIB EDUSUM (SLBC Kerala scheme applicable for loans sourced through Kerala branches) to finance admission sought in Institutions outside Kerala except those channeled through State/National Entrance exam or to finance education in Kerala where admission is sought under Management quota through entrance exam or for merit based selection for regular courses after completion of HSC(10+2 or equivalent), SIB GLOBAL EDUCATION to finance exclusively your overseas education, SKILL LOAN to finance your learning interest  in a particular skill, SIB VIDYANIDHI to finance the “refundable deposit “ demanded by selected professional colleges in Kerala
OTS scheme for micro and small enterprises (MSE) : For Micro Enterprise Investment in plant and machinery or equipment is not exceeding Rs. 1.00 Crore and Annual turnover is not exceeding Rs. 5.00 Crore. For Small Enterprise Investment in plant and machinery or equipment is not exceeding Rs. 10.00 Crore and Annual turnover is not exceeding Rs. 50.00 Crore.
SIB commercial vehicle loan : Minimum 2 years business experience, LTV up to 80% for New Vehicles and 75% for Used Vehicles, Low interest rates and EMI which are fixed for entire tenor of the loan, Financing On Road price which includes basic cost + accessories + duties + taxes + octroi + one time road tax + comprehensive insurance premium for first year, Co applicant option available, Holiday period of 3 months available, Loans up to Rs.10 lacs can be given under CGTMSE cover if eligible, Vehicles more than 4 years old is not applicable.
Top-up loan for HL borrowers : Minimum Bureau Score of 730 and above  for applicant.
SIB decor : Simple assessment based on FOIR. Maximum FOIR 60%.  